vmauth: pick first backend to process request when all backends are unavailable (#10886)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/vmauth.md

### High availability

`vmauth` automatically switches from a temporarily unavailable backend to other hot standby backends listed in `url_prefix`
if it runs with the `-loadBalancingPolicy=first_available` command-line flag. The load balancing policy can be overridden at `user` and `url_map` sections of [`-auth.config`](#auth-config) via `load_balancing_policy` option.
If all backends are marked as broken, vmauth still forwards the request to the first backend in the list instead of returning an error immediately.
For example, the following config instructs `vmauth` to proxy requests to `http://victoria-metrics-main:8428/` backend.
If this backend becomes unavailable, then `vmauth` starts proxying requests to `http://victoria-metrics-standby1:8428/`.
If this backend also becomes unavailable, then requests are proxied to the last specified backend - `http://victoria-metrics-standby2:8428/`:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following config instructs `vmauth` to proxy requests to `http://victoria-metrics-main:8428/` backend.
If this backend becomes unavailable, then `vmauth` starts proxying requests to `http://victoria-metrics-standby1:8428/`.
If this backend also becomes unavailable, then requests are proxied to the last specified backend - `http://victoria-metrics-standby2:8428/`:

If all backends are marked as unavailable, requests are proxied to the first configured backend `http://victoria-metrics-main:8428/` instead of failing immediately.
```

  `vmauth` automatically detects temporarily unavailable backends and spreads incoming queries among the remaining available backends.
  This allows restarting and performing maintenance on backends without removing them from the `url_prefix` list.

>   If all backends are marked as broken, vmauth still forwards the request to the first backend in the list instead of returning an error immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `vmauth` automatically detects temporarily unavailable backends and spreads incoming requests among the remaining available backends.
  This allows restarting and performing maintenance on backends without removing them from the `url_prefix` list.
  If all backends are marked as unavailable, requests are proxied to the first configured backend in the list instead of failing immediately.
```
